Delete workloads before volumesets on GVC deletion (#245)
shakacode/control-plane-flow: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed potential infinite loop that could occur for a command if one of the execution steps fails and gets stuck. [PR 217](https://github.com/shakacode/control-plane-flow/pull/217) by [Zakir Dzhamaliddinov](https://github.com/zzaakiirr).

> - Fixed issue where GVC cannot be deleted because one of the workloads has volumeset in-use. [PR 245](https://github.com/shakacode/control-plane-flow/pull/245) by [Zakir Dzhamaliddinov](https://github.com/zzaakiirr).

Reviewer: Minor suggestion: we generally use "app" instead of "GVC" in the docs.

```suggestion
- Fixed issue where app cannot be deleted because one of the workloads has a volumeset in-use. [PR 245](https://github.com/shakacode/control-plane-flow/pull/245) by [Zakir Dzhamaliddinov](https://github.com/zzaakiirr).
```
